ChatGPT setup for MCP Server [DOCS-14651] (#37294)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mcp_server/setup.md

Learn how to set up and configure the Datadog MCP Server, which lets you retrieve telemetry insights and manage platform features directly from AI-powered clients. Select your client:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "ChatGPT" %}}

Connect Datadog to ChatGPT by installing the [Datadog app][1] from ChatGPT's app directory. The app authenticates with your Datadog organization through an OAuth flow.

> <div class="alert alert-info">The Datadog ChatGPT app is in Preview. During the Preview, it is available for US1 customers only.</div>

Author: Applied in df5aba2b2394e8874dc26b57665d8a196d35b845

<div class="alert alert-info">The Datadog ChatGPT app is in Preview. During the Preview, it is available for US1 customers only.</div>

1. In ChatGPT, go to {{< ui >}}Settings{{< /ui >}} > {{< ui >}}Apps{{< /ui >}} > {{< ui >}}Browse Apps{{< /ui >}} and search for **Datadog**. If the Datadog app is not available, contact your organization's ChatGPT administrator for approval.

> 1. Select the app, click {{< ui >}}Connect{{< /ui >}}, and follow the prompts.

Reviewer: I don't feel passionately this needs to change, but reading this got me thinking about how "prompt" as a noun now has a pretty strong AI connotation. adding an alternative suggestion below!
```suggestion
1. Select the app, click {{< ui >}}Connect{{< /ui >}}, and proceed through the configuration flow.
```
other options: follow the guided setup, complete the setup instructions

Author: Good call, I like "follow the guided setup," applied in b3ccc76254e02365f0539762841a2c50852add1b

<div class="alert alert-danger">Datadog MCP Server is not supported for your selected site ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}).</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

> <div class="alert alert-info">The <a href="https://github.com/openai/plugins/tree/main/plugins/datadog">Codex Plugin (Preview)</a> can be used in the Codex Desktop app in the US1 regions only. To install, use the <a href="?tab=farts">ChatGPT App instructions</a>. Once you install the ChatGPT app, the Codex Plugin is automatically included as well.

Author: Applied in df5aba2b2394e8874dc26b57665d8a196d35b845
